In the last 10 years, I've seen I've seen such a huge change, a shift
in recruitment and promotion in professional development, supports
for language training, supports for Indigenous people coming to work in public service.
Young Indigenous University college graduates to come in.
It's amazing the progress I've seen.
Because when they look back 30 years when they said it, I was saying earlier, 30 years ago
tried to, you know, build an Indigenous employee network,
create a Circle of Indigenous employees
and the kind of support each other, join employment equity groups
to kind of get a certain small budget to support our colleagues.
Indigenous colleagues to also progress in the organization to to where it is now today, which all started in about 10 years ago.
Maybe more, maybe less, but not much more.
With all the programs in place, you know, all the awareness tools that are in place for
non-Indigenous employees who join the public service to learn about our histories to learn about.
the stories, sometimes very hard stories of our Elders and
that they've gone through various difficult stages of their lives throughout Canadian history.
But to see this information accessible to public servants is is it's amazing.
The Canada School Public Service has an amazing platform
where you can learn about so much on Indigenous cultures
First Nations, Métis and Inuit and many departments have awareness programs.
And one of those programs I used to to manage through the
through Indigenous Services Canada and developmental programs for Indigenous employees.
So it's a great place to be in my opinion, if you want to work for government.
It's a great place to be as an Indigenous youth
or non youth but as an Indigenous person who wants to work for
Canada, for the government of Canada, to be part of a team that can change the way things are done
in relation to programs and activities to help delivery programs as well,
that benefit the lives of our Indigenous colleagues, brothers and sisters across this country.
I encourage the youth to to really think of a career in the public service.